
Summary
-------
Upload changes for code review

Usage: repo upload [--re --cc] [<project>]...

Options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -t                    Send local branch name to Gerrit Code Review
  --re=REVIEWERS, --reviewers=REVIEWERS
                        Request reviews from these people.
  --cc=CC               Also send email to these email addresses.
  --br=BRANCH           Branch to upload.
  --no-verify           Do not run the upload hook.
  --verify              Run the upload hook without prompting.

Description
-----------
The 'repo upload' command is used to send changes to the Gerrit Code
Review system. It searches for topic branches in local projects that
have not yet been published for review. If multiple topic branches are
found, 'repo upload' opens an editor to allow the user to select which
branches to upload.

'repo upload' searches for uploadable changes in all projects listed at
the command line. Projects can be specified either by name, or by a
relative or absolute path to the project's local directory. If no
projects are specified, 'repo upload' will search for uploadable changes
in all projects listed in the manifest.

If the --reviewers or --cc options are passed, those emails are added to
the respective list of users, and emails are sent to any new users.
Users passed as --reviewers must already be registered with the code
review system, or the upload will fail.

Configuration
-------------
review.URL.autoupload:

To disable the "Upload ... (y/n)?" prompt, you can set a per-project or
global Git configuration option. If review.URL.autoupload is set to
"true" then repo will assume you always answer "y" at the prompt, and
will not prompt you further. If it is set to "false" then repo will
assume you always answer "n", and will abort.

review.URL.autocopy:

To automatically copy a user or mailing list to all uploaded reviews,
you can set a per-project or global Git option to do so. Specifically,
review.URL.autocopy can be set to a comma separated list of reviewers
who you always want copied on all uploads with a non-empty --re
argument.

review.URL.username:

Override the username used to connect to Gerrit Code Review. By default
the local part of the email address is used.

The URL must match the review URL listed in the manifest XML file, or in
the .git/config within the project. For example:

  [remote "origin"]
    url = git://git.example.com/project.git
    review = http://review.example.com/

  [review "http://review.example.com/"]
    autoupload = true
    autocopy = johndoe@company.com,my-team-alias@company.com

References
----------
Gerrit Code Review: http://code.google.com/p/gerrit/

